# Arduino TOOLBOX

Arduino Communication through Serial

## Getting Started


### Prerequisites

1. Scilab 6.0.x or Scilab 6.1.x

### Installing

The module could be easily install from the Scilab atoms portal by using command:

--> atomsInstall('arduino'); // Coming soon

or the offline version by replacing the input argument to the zip file name.

If you prefer to build then module, download the source and unzip it, just type in scilab:

```
--> exec("arduino_Path/builder.sce")
```

If the module is place in the "contrib" folder, it could be loaded from the "Toolboxes" menu. Otherwise, just type in scilab:

``` 
--> exec("arduino_path/loader.sce"); 
```

arduino_Path is where this file is.

### EXAMPLES and DEMOS
 To see some examples type in scilab:

--> help 

## Features
* Analog input
* Analog output (PWM)
* Digital input
* Digital output
* Encoder input
* Interrupt
* DC motor
* Servo motor

## Revisions

### REVISION NOTES 1.7
1. Using engines in C which have been covnerted from fortran with f2c
2. Modified the gateway to support Scilab 6
3. Reorganize the structures of the folders

### REVISION NOTES 0.4x
1. Add some clustering routines: fcmeans, subclus.
2. Minor code change using new TK/TCL calling sequence.
3. The tk/tcl editor is still in the develop stage, so you can find a lot of bugs.
4. Try to Vectorize code
5. Start to add optimization routines

Copyright (c) @YEARS@ Jaime Urzua Grez
		2011 Holger Nahrstaedt
		2019 Tan Chin Luh (Scilab 6 Support)

## To-Do
1. To convert the C files generated by f2c to be fully C, without the needs of f2c header
2. To convert the gateway to Scilab 6 new gateway
3. To convert the tcl/tk GUI to Java base for all platform support.
 

## Version

This is the Revision 0.5 of sciFLT toolbox for Scilab 6.0.x

## Authors

This is the Revision 0.5 of sciFLT toolbox for Scilab 6.0.x
Modified By Tan Chin Luh 

Original Works By Jaime Urzua Grez and Holger Nahrstaedt
mailto:jaime_urzua@yahoo.com

## License

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.

## Acknowledgments

1. Jaime Urzua Grez
2. Holger Nahrstaedt

